New Types of Changes entry for improvements (#236)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

> - [ ] Improvement (general improvements like code refatorings that doesn't explictly fix a bug or add any new functionality)

Reviewer: Spelling correction.
```suggestion
- [ ] Improvement (general improvements like code refactorings that doesn't explicitly fix a bug or add any new functionality)
```
